A simple web application built with Laravel to collect and display guest messages. It includes features for form submission, viewing, editing, and deleting guest entries with Docker support and ready-to-use CI/CD pipeline. 

## How to Use
Access the website in your browser at: http://54.252.141.241/

## Features
1. Submit guest fullname, email, and message

2. View all guest entries 

3. Edit or delete real entries

4. Responsive UI with Bootstrap

5. Dockerized environment for easy development

6. CI/CD-ready using GitHub Actions 

## How to Use
Access the website in your browser at: http://54.252.141.241/

1. *Home Page*: The home page displays a welcome message and provides a brief introduction to the guestbook.

2. *Guestbook Form*: Visitors can fill out a form to submit their name, email, and a message to be included in the guestbook.

3. *Post Result*: After submitting the form, visitors are redirected to a page that displays a confirmation message indicating that their post has been successfully added to the guestbook.

4. *View Guestbook*: The website provides a page where all the guestbook entries are listed in a table format. Each entry shows the name, email, and message. The other data is generated by Faker.

5. *Edit GuestBookList*: After visitors can see the guestbook list in the table, the visitor can edit their information

6. *Delete Info GuestBookList*: Visitors can delete their information if needed

7. *Edit GuestBookList*: After visitors can see the guestbook list in the table, the visitor can edit their information